Ecs support (#62)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-fingerprint: docs/index.asciidoc

inserted into Elasticsearch. This approach means that existing documents can be
updated instead of creating new documents.

NOTE: When the `method` option is set to `UUID` the result won't be
a consistent hash but a random
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier[UUID].
To generate UUIDs, prefer the {logstash-ref}/plugins-filters-uuid.html[uuid filter].

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata"]
==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)

> This plugin adds a hash value to event as an identity. User can config `target` to change the output field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin adds a hash value to event as an identifier. You can configure the `target` option to change the output field.

```

Reviewer: Did you mean "identifier?"  
Note that I added a return after this sentence to force the paragraph to break for readability.

given, the target field will be an array with fingerprints of the 
source fields given.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:
** `disabled`: unstructured data added at root level
** `v1`: uses `[event][hash]` fields that are compatible with Elastic Common Schema

Controls this plugin's compatibility with the
{ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].
See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata>> for detailed information.

> The value of this setting affects the _default_ value of <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-???>>

Reviewer: `<<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-???>>` will break the docs because it can't be resolved to anything. I wasn't sure what you wanted to link back to, and so I didn't offer a suggestion.

Author: good catch. A copy and paste error on my side.
